When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work
local?

  A remote repository is great for security, collaboration and felxibility of access.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

    I may be making local changes which I intend to push to a new branch. I wouldn't want my local changes to be affected or overwritten by remote changes without my consent. 

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  When would you
use one instead of another?

    A fork is a new repository with the identical contents that is detached from the original repository in that it allows the owner of the fork to commit, pull, etc. without the original owners consent. Forking is the preferred method for using open source code because it credits the original creator, whereas cloning and initializing a new repository may obfuscate origination.

    Cloning is the easiest way to localize a repo from github. It automatically adds a remote and copies all the repo contents onto the local machine. Cloning is great if you are not necessarily editing the file, and want to stay in touch with any changes. With a cloned repo, updating the code base is as simple as pulling down any new changes.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?

	Minimizes the size of merge conflicts.
    

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?  What would be easier,
and what would be harder?

    I wouldn't do it without Git. It would be a nightmare. If I had to, I would have a master file that would not be opened unless the whole team was present. All changes would be made in separate files that referenced where they were to go in the master file and which lines they would replace. Then, during a meeting each change would be discussed and accepted or denied. 

    The only thing easier about this is that it does not require knowledge of the slightly arcane github workflow.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in
master?  What benefits does each approach have?

    Fill in your answer here
